ok youtube I have to start right away
because we have a short part my flips
almost off memory we only are going to
have just over seven minutes so yeah
this will be part 19 as you know we just
entered forbidden Valley yes yes here's
about stuff so smash no volume buttons
so smash these crates right here and
then see Captain Jack for a pirate hook
Oh No too bad we don't have a pirate
took conditio hook we would it be able
to get to that pirate oh wait I found a
pirate hook we're all saved now quick
filled this and hop up here and someone
throws a snowball me ironic just ironic
I think after this anger to you frost /
because it's because prosper is seasonal
I believe I'm not sure won it and so run
away cuz they're even when they want to
eat you
see if they ate me what did I tell you
that's why we have plasma balls because
they're evil and they want to eat me see
look they eat me again that's why we
don't come back here until you're strong
so get my money back luckily the air
allergic to metal so they don't eat your
money now if we come up here there is an
assembly summoner person the guy who
wants to do a flip race assign the
binocular your thing
and then you can walk on to the stained
dress bridge break the gate and jump off
a cliff but of course since we're
magical people we survived after this
you will have to train train hard with
the Panda we need to train with the
Panda the crew the Mantis and another
person in the dragon I believed wax on
wax off we must train ourselves go and
train there's much to be learned hey
I've discovered the Great Tree the tree
is great the greatest tree see
everything makes sense times flying
see I wish I could since this account is
the newest one I wish I could play it
each twin and I wasn't recording right
now I can't because then you would be
angry and then you would want to me and
then you would want to meet me and then
you would turn into through the strong
wings I want to review this poem because
the sky is really got making poems well
basically you can't do that you can't
complete his training until you've
completed did this other person's
training just a second so come over here
this is mr. Polding is a mantis person
with lightning moves and deadly might
strike card and make them prix take
flight and haunted armor evil gross
inside the voyant maelstrom flows smash
tend to find your Zen so basically you
know what that means you need to smash
10 dark royan to find your Zen
I think in part 20 plus i'm going to
have the mystery guests come back as you
know he is my cousin second cousin
technically but yeah
so he didn't you come back and live with
us seeing now you get to make an email
I'm going to be a mantis this time
because i was already a panda in a
dragon from but really if i were to
choose I would choose a monkey style
that would be my first choice if I want
to be a dragon one first it's sad they
only have three they should have had for
so you could be a monkey and hopefully
you could smell like one too so now i
will start gathering pieces for your
mail Stronghammer so shoot that guy come
to Calvary